scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/02.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/02.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/02.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/02.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/02.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/02.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/02.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/02.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/02.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/02.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/02.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/02.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/02.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/02.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/02.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/02.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/02.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/02.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/02.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/02.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/04.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/04.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/04.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/04.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/04.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/04.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/04.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/04.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/04.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/04.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/04.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/04.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/04.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/04.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/04.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/04.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/04.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/04.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/04.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/04.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/06.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/06.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/06.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/06.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/06.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/06.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/06.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/06.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/06.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/06.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/06.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/06.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/06.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/06.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/06.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/06.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/06.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/06.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/06.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/06.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/08.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/08.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/08.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/08.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/08.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/08.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/08.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/08.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/08.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/08.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/08.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/08.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/08.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/08.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/08.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/08.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/08.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/08.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/08.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/08.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/10.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/10.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/10.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/10.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/10.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/10.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/10.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/10.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/10.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/10.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/10.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/10.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/10.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/10.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/10.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/10.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/10.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/10.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/10.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/10.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/12.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/12.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/12.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/12.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/12.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/12.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/12.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/12.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/12.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/12.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/12.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/12.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/12.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/12.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/12.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/12.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/12.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/12.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/12.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/12.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/14.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/14.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/14.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/14.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/14.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/14.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/14.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/14.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/14.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/14.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/14.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/14.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/14.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/14.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/14.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/14.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/14.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/14.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/14.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/14.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/16.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/16.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/16.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/16.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/16.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/16.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/16.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/16.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/16.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/16.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/16.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/16.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/16.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/16.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/16.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/16.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/16.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/16.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/16.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/16.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/18.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/18.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/18.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/18.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/18.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/18.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/18.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/18.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/18.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/18.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/18.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/18.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/18.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/18.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/18.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/18.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/18.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/18.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/18.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/18.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/20.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/20.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/20.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/20.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/20.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/20.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/20.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/20.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/20.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/20.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/20.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/20.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/20.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/20.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/20.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/20.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/20.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/20.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/20.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/20.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/22.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/22.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/22.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/22.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/22.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/22.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/22.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/22.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/22.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/22.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/22.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/22.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/22.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/22.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/22.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/22.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/22.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/22.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/22.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/22.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/24.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/24.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/24.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/24.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/24.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/24.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/24.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/24.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/24.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/24.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/24.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/24.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/24.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/24.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/24.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/24.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/24.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/24.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/24.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/24.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/26.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/26.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/26.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/26.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/26.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/26.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/26.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/26.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/26.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/26.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/26.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/26.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/26.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/26.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/26.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/26.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/26.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/26.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/26.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/26.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/28.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/28.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/28.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/28.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/28.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/28.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/28.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/28.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/28.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/28.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/28.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/28.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/28.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/28.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/28.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/28.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/28.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/28.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/28.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/28.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/30.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/30.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/30.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/30.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/30.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/30.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/30.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/30.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/30.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/30.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/30.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/30.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/30.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/30.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/30.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/30.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/30.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/30.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/30.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/30.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/40.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/40.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/40.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/40.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/40.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/40.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/40.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/40.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/40.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/40.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/40.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/40.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/40.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/40.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/40.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/40.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/40.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/40.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/40.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/40.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/50.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/50.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/50.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/50.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/50.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/50.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/50.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/50.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/50.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/50.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/50.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/50.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/50.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/50.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/50.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/50.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/50.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/50.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/50.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/50.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/60.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/60.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/60.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/60.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/60.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/60.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/60.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/60.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/60.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/60.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/60.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/60.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/60.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/60.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/60.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/60.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/60.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/60.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/60.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/60.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/70.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/70.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/70.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/70.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/70.param portfolio4 O2 01_compact.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/70.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/70.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/70.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/70.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/70.param portfolio4 O2 04_nochPrunedLevels_2.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/70.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/70.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/70.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/70.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/70.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_1_2.eprime or-tools8
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/70.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime chuffed
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/70.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime cplex
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/70.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime kissat
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/70.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime or-tools1
scripts/solutions/runConjure-slurm.sh csplib-prob026-SportsTournamentScheduling SportsTournamentScheduling.essence params/70.param portfolio4 O2 06_chPrunedLevels_1_1_2_1.eprime or-tools8
